[Music]
we have the latest hottest gadgets
unboxing videos and reviews on
electronics and consumer equipment that
you need to know about and sponsored by
hint just the right hint of flavor in
that hinge hey what's up guys
Sam here tech tips TV with another
review that you need to see so guys
basically when you're looking at audio
equipment when you're looking at PEG
phones when you're looking at you know
basically when you're looking at
headphones when you're looking at audio
equipment when you're looking at
speakers the way that you know something
is good is it's got a lot of bass okay
bass is a deeper tone it costs more
money treble is more like I think that's
more like coins
okay bass is more like folding of money
and that's how you know that it costs
more okay here's a tip that I that I
always tell audiophiles who are first
getting into you know rare vinyl
collections and things like that you
know rare collections stuff like that
you want to know just quick cheat sheet
type hint use that good audio quality
listen for the bass okay if it's got
thunder is making bass then you know
it's good also second thing I say is go
for size always go for size if it's big
if it's clunky if it's heavy
that means good audio quality you
essentially want to have headphones that
look like big tits off the side of your
head like this okay check it out guys
these headphones right here size big
bass Sirians these things put out
serious bass they got woofers in here
big-ass ones these headphones were
twelve dollars on Amazon that's how you
know they're good very high-end
Sennheiser banging all of sudden
whatever okay
these are right there with it in terms
of audio quality and I just got a new
this is the new review I wanted to do
for you guys
Altec Lansing speakers
check it out guys pretty cool brand new
from Altec Lansing 2017 new model very
cool speakers very good and I know
they're good because the base is so wham
so hit me the bases hit with me and
that's how I know that they're high
quality however the base is a little bit
almost overpowered I don't want to say
overpowering I want to say confident the
basic truth is abhorrent muddy grad
scheme did you change the quality is so
high the quality is very high but it's
got almost too much piece I think I
might have sensitive ears because my
friend is an audiophile he's a German
guy he wears a turtleneck and he has an
old transistor tube headphone said and
he said he spends hundreds of thousands
of dollars on audio equipment and I
asked him his opinion and he said he
sounds great he's amazing it's a very
high quality high quality that must have
sensitive ears how much tough tinnitus
because it's almost like there's too
much based on yeah a little bit
people stay on forever
now there's all the clear things thing
about these is because they're designed
by engineers Altec Lansing engineers who
know what good base is they don't even
having any sort of base controls on here
no base controls guys on the subwoofer
nothing on the back so they don't have
controls and I looked into this and a
friend of mine is an audio engineer said
that it's actually the because the
switch turn making the dial that adjusts
the base is actually really expensive
it's something you only see on you know
very high-end 2000 $3000 pieces of
equipment because that switch that
actually dials the base in is actually
very expensive of a copper that's used
in that is a lot so these these were
something like 250 or something like
that and they really it's at that price
point you don't get us you don't get a
switch you don't get a base switch
that's what I thought that's what I
thought but it's actually but actually
what the case is the base which is
actually foot activated it's right here
see
[Music]
it's actually foot-activated